do home painting projects have you up
and down a ladder to a messy tray all
day do spills and splatters spoil the
fun hi I'm Joe Fowler and clever
inventions has the solution it's the
paint runner the revolutionary painting
system that transforms your old walls
into beautiful professionally painted
walls in less than three minutes with no
dripping simply pour in your favorite
paint pop on the lid and roll with the
paint runner you can paint an entire
wall without stopping it's like having a
full can of paint in your roller paint
runners amazing microfiber roller has a
patented system of channels and vents
that mix and distribute the paint with
machine-like precision
evenly and effortlessly no pumps cords
sprays or trays paint runner covers
textured surfaces with ease with one
coat coverage over paneling bricks
cement and a breeze jobs that once took
hours now take minutes look ordinary pay
rollers drip and splatter everywhere but
the paint runner will not drip will not
splatter even a child can paint like a
pro it's fast easy and fun and best of
all it rinses clean the paint renders
the fastest cleanest and easiest way to
paint and now on this exclusive TV offer
you can get your very own paint renter
for only 1995 but wait call now and get
the easy porch ugh and this 3-piece
handle at no additional charge painting
hard-to-reach places has never been
easier and there's even more if you call
in the next 10 minutes you'll also get
this amazing paid edger the Handy trim
tool that paints around corners trim
switches and outlets in seconds without
masking and it's yours for only the cost
of shipping and handling and remember
ordinary rollers drift and are messy but
the paint runner won't drip and won't
splatter you can get the entire paint
runner system easy for jug extension
and a denture a $50 value all for only
1995 plus shipping and handling so what
are you waiting for
order your paint runner today do home
painting projects have you up and down a
ladder to a messy tray all day do spills
and splatters spoil the fun hi I'm Joe
Fowler and clever inventions has the
solution it's the paint runner the
revolutionary painting system that
transforms your old walls into beautiful
professionally painted walls in less
than three minutes with no dripping
simply pour in your favorite paint pop
on the lid and roll it's like having a
full can of paint in your roller paint
runners amazing microfiber roller has a
patented system of channels and vents
that mix and distribute the paint evenly
and effortlessly and now on this
exclusive TV offer you can get your very
own paint runner for only 1995 call now
and get the easy pour jug and this
3-piece handle at no additional charge
if you call in the next 10 minutes
you'll also get this amazing painter for
only the cost of shipping and handling
so what are you waiting for
order your paint runner today